Add upstreamable modifications (#1)
codee-com/tree-sitter-fortran: README.md

# tree-sitter-fortran

![Build Status](https://github.com/stadelmanma/tree-sitter-fortran/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)

Fortran grammar for [tree-sitter](https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter). Adapted from [this Fortran grammar](http://slebok.github.io/zoo/index.html#fortran_f90_waite-cordy).

## Setup and usage

> > [!WARNING]  
> > Do not use `tree-sitter-cli` installed via your system's package manager!
> > Instead, use the version bundled with this project to ensure all developers
> > share the same version of `tree-sitter`. This is handled automatically when
> > running the scripts below.

Reviewer: A better wording (IMO):

```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Prefer using the `tree-sitter-cli` installed from `npm` as shown below. This
> will ensure all developers share the same version of `tree-sitter`, avoiding
> compatibility problems. 
```

Author: Done!
